# DAD-CDM TSC Meeting Minutes -- Draft
### Date: 2024-07-09
Present: Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), E. Rosalie Li (InfoEpi Lab), Margot Fulde-Hardy (Red & Blue Consulting), Sam Blazek (Two Six Technologies), Yanis Naceur (VIGINUM), Mark Finlayson (FIU), Amruta Deshpande (Graphika)

Regrets: Carl Miller (Demos), Anil Bandhakavi (Logically), Samuel Hassine (Filigran), Milan Jovanovic (Debunk.org)

Guests: Claudia Rauch (OASIS)
### Agenda:

1. **Ontology and Taxonomy** (Rosalie)

2. **PGB Meeting Feedback & Communication with the PGB** (Mark)

    - The PGB's four recommendations:

        1. TSC shares the list of threats they are currently considering, and the PGB will review to see if there are any threats we recommend adding or prioritizing.

        2. Facilitate a conversation between DAD-CDM (both TSC & PGB) and relevant members of the FIMI ISAC to discuss which STIX extensions they feel they have lacked when modeling threats in the past.

        3. Use cases working group may suggest emerging use cases (e.g., financial scams, social engineering, etc.).

        4. TSC shares with the PGB a list of what literature they are reviewing, and PGB members suggest any literature they recommend adding.

3. **GEC / NATO / EEAS Questions**

    - How, if at all, should DAD-CDM define the STIX object "case" in the context of FIMI?

    - How, if at all, should DAD-CDM define the STIX object “campaign” in the context of FIMI?

    - How, if at all, should DAD-CDM define the STIX object “event” in the context of FIMI?

    - How, if at all, should DAD-CDM define the STIX object “incident” in the context of FIMI?

    - How, if at all, should DAD-CDM define the STIX object “observable” in the context of FIMI?

    - How should DAD-CDM define relevant decision criteria for determining whether a set of observations constitutes one or multiple instances of its type (e.g., an incident, case, observable, etc.)?

    - How should DAD-CDM determine how the various terms (e.g., an incident, case, observable, etc.) relate to each other? Specifically, when do multiple incidents combine to become a campaign (for example)?

4. **Case Study #1**: Presentation by Stephen (volunteered at the last meeting)

5. **Attendance Policy** (postponed)

6. **Definitions**

7. **AOB (Any Other Business)**



